files/waypoint-nda-1.0.1.md, before:

**Standard Form Certificate**

Apart from the purpose and governing law that I have filled in below, I
certify that the following proposed terms are exactly the same as **The
Waypoint NDA version 1.0.0 **published at
<span id="anchor"></span>https://waypointnda.com.

Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

E-Mail:<span id="anchor-1"></span>\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> **Purpose**:<span id="anchor-2"></span>\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[State the purpose for sharing confidential information.\]

> **Governing
> Law**:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Name the state, country, or other jurisdiction whose law will govern
> the agreement.\]

**The Waypoint NDA**

**Version 1.0.0**

The parties agree:

1\.**Mutual Nondisclosure**. “**Disclosing Party**” describes each party
with respect to Confidential Information it discloses to the other
party. “**Receiving Party**” describes each party with respect to
Confidential Information it receives from the other party.

2\.**Purpose**. The parties anticipate disclosure of Confidential
Information for the purpose on the accompanying standard form
certificate (the “**Purpose**”).

3\.**Confidential Information**.

> (a)**Categories of Confidential Information**. Subject to *Section
> 3(b)* (Exclusions from Confidential Information), “**Confidential
> Information**” means:

(i)information disclosed by Disclosing Party during the term of this
agreement that is related to the business of Disclosing Party;

(ii)the fact that the parties are pursuing the Purpose;

(iii)the terms of this agreement;

(iv)the fact that the parties have entered into this agreement; and

(v)other information derived from these kinds of information.

> (b)**Exclusions from Confidential Information**.

(i)**Public Information**. Information that is now public is not
Confidential Information. Confidential Information that becomes public,
other than as a result of breach of this agreement, ceases to be
Confidential Information.

(ii)**Otherwise Acquired Information**. Information that Receiving Party
receives other than from Disclosing Party is not Confidential
Information, unless the disclosure breached a confidentiality obligation
to Disclosing Party that Disclosing Party made known to Receiving Party.

(iii)**Independently Developed Information**. Information Receiving
Party develops independently is not, or ceases to be, Confidential
Information of Disclosing Party. Receiving Party shall bear the burden
of proving independent development using contemporaneous documentary
evidence.

4\.**Confidentiality Obligations**.

> (a)**Nondisclosure**. Except as described in *Section 4(b)* (Permitted
> Disclosure), Receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential
> Information to anyone.

> (b)**Permitted Disclosure**. Receiving Party may disclose Confidential
> Information to the following personnel:

(i)if Receiving Party is a legal entity, employees, independent
contractors, officers, directors, and agents of Receiving Party
(“**Personnel**”) who:

> (A)have a need to know the Confidential Information to advance the
> Purpose; and

> (B)have entered written confidentiality agreements with Receiving
> Party that impose confidentiality obligations, affording as much or
> more protection as those of this agreement, that apply to the
> Confidential Information; and

(ii)legal and financial advisers providing services to Receiving Party
under confidentiality obligations imposed either by law or by
professional rules (“**Advisers**”).

> (c)**Limited Use**. Receiving Party shall use Confidential Information
> only to advance the Purpose.

> (d)**Security Measures**. Receiving Party shall take measures to
> secure materials embodying Confidential Information at least as
> protective as those Receiving Party employs to secure its own
> Confidential Information, but in any event no less than reasonable
> measures.

> (e)**Preserve Proprietary Notices**. Receiving Party shall not remove
> any proprietary notices attached to materials embodying Confidential
> Information.

> (f)**No Illegal Dealing in Securities**. Receiving Party shall not
> break securities laws by purchasing, selling, or otherwise dealing in
> securities of Disclosing Party on the basis of Confidential
> Information that is material, nonpublic information. Receiving Party
> shall instruct anyone to whom it discloses Confidential Information
> that may be material, nonpublic information not to break securities
> laws by dealing in securities of Disclosing Party.

> (g)**No Reverse Engineering**. Receiving Party shall not reverse
> engineer any material embodying Confidential Information.

> (h)**Mitigate Legally Required Disclosure**. The following obligations
> apply when the law requires disclosure of Confidential Information and
> when Receiving Party reasonably expects that the law may require
> disclosure of Confidential Information:

(i)<span id="anchor-3"></span>**Give Notice of Required Disclosure**. If
legally permitted, Receiving Party shall promptly notify Disclosing
Party of the nature of the requirement and the Confidential Information
affected. If practical, Receiving Party shall give notice quickly enough
to afford Disclosing Party practical chance to start a proceeding to
protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. On
Disclosing Party request, Receiving Party shall cooperate with
Disclosing Party in any such proceeding by providing reasonable
assistance.

(ii)**Reimburse Expenses of Cooperation**. Disclosing Party shall
reimburse Receiving Party's reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
cooperating in any proceeding described in *Section 4(h)(i)* (Give
Notice of Required Disclosure).

> (i)**Give Notice of Leaks**. Receiving Party shall give Disclosing
> Party notice when Receiving Party becomes aware, suspects, or
> anticipates that Confidential Information has been or will be
> disclosed or used in breach of this agreement or other confidentiality
> agreements with Disclosing Party.

> (j)**Return and Destruction**. Subject to *Section 4(k)* (Records
> Policy), when this agreement terminates, Receiving Party shall
> promptly:

(i)return all materials embodying Confidential Information that
Disclosing Party provided with request to return; and

(ii)destroy all parts of other materials that embody Confidential
Information.

> (k)**Records Policy**. When this agreement terminates, if Receiving
> Party has a written records retention policy for the creation and
> scheduled destruction of archival or backup records, and only
> specialized personnel can routinely access those records, then
> Receiving Party may retain materials embodying Confidential
> Information until destroyed under that policy.

> (l)**Comply with Export Controls**. Both parties shall comply with
> export and reexport laws with respect to Confidential Information.

> (m)**Compliance and Oversight**.

(i)Receiving Party shall ensure that its Advisers abide by the
confidentiality obligations of Receiving Party under this agreement. If
Receiving Party is a legal entity, Receiving Party shall also ensure
that its Personnel abide by the confidentiality obligations of Receiving
Party under this agreement. Breach of Receiving Party obligations by
Receiving Party Personnel or Receiving Party Advisers will be deemed
breach of this agreement by Receiving Party itself.

(ii)If Receiving Party is a legal entity, Receiving Party shall provide
Disclosing Party copies of confidentiality agreements with Personnel who
receive Confidential Information on Disclosing Party request.

5\.**Clarifications**.

> (a)**No Obligation to Disclose**. No terms of this agreement obligate
> Disclosing Party to disclose any Confidential Information.

> (b)**No Obligation to Do Business**. No terms of this agreement
> obligate either party to enter any business relationship or agreement,
> related to the Purpose or otherwise.

> (c)**No License**. No terms of this agreement grant any license for
> any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property.

> (d)**No Warranty**. Disclosing Party makes no warranty that
> Confidential Information will be complete or accurate.

> (e)**Freedom to Operate**. No terms of this agreement prohibit either
> party from:

(i)competing with the other party;

(ii)entering into any business relationship with any non-party; or

(iii)assigning and reassigning Personnel and Advisers in its sole
discretion.

6\.**18 U.S.C. 1833(b) Notice**. If this agreement is governed by United
States law:

> (a)An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under
> any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade
> secret that:

(i)is made:

> (A)in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official,
> either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and

> (B)solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
> violation of law; or

(ii)is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other
proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

> (b)An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer
> for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade
> secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret
> information in the court proceeding, if the individual:

(i)files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and

(ii)does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

7\.**Term**.

> (a)**Expiration**. This agreement will terminate automatically on the
> first anniversary of the date of this agreement.

> (b)**Termination by Notice**. Either party may terminate this
> agreement early by thirty calendar days' prior written notice to the
> other party.

> (c)**Survival**. Obligations under *Section 4* (Confidentiality
> Obligations) for Confidential Information disclosed during the term
> survive the term of this agreement as follows: 

(i)Obligations for Confidential Information that Receiving Party knew or
reasonably should have known constituted a trade secret survive as long
as the Confidential Information remains a trade secret.

(ii)Obligations for other Confidential Information survive for five
calendar years from the date of termination.

8\.**General Contract Terms**.

> (a)**No Assignment or Delegation**. Neither party may assign any right
> or delegate any obligation under this agreement without the prior,
> signed, written consent of the other party. Any attempt to assign or
> delegate without consent will have no legal effect.

> (b)**Dispute Resolution**. The law of the jurisdiction on the
> accompanying standard form certificate will govern all aspects of this
> agreement. The parties shall bring legal proceedings related to this
> agreement only in state or federal courts located in that state. The
> parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts and
> waive any objection that legal proceedings brought there are brought
> in an inconvenient forum. The parties may enforce judgments of those
> courts in any appropriate forum.

> (c)**Legal Relationship**. The parties to this agreement remain
> independent contractors. This agreement does not create any
> partnership, joint venture, agency, or similar relationship between
> the parties.

> (d)**Written Amendments and Waivers**. The parties will amend this
> agreement only by cosigned, written agreement. The parties will waive
> parts of this agreement, if at all, only by written waiver describing
> the specific terms waived and in what particular instance, signed by
> the party waiving.

> <span id="anchor-4"></span>(e)**Notices**. The parties shall send
> every notice, demand, consent, request, or other communication
> required or allowed by this agreement:

(i)by e-mail to the address the other party provided with their
signature; or

(ii)by overnight courier, with signature required for delivery, to the
address the other party provided with their signature.

> (f)**Change of Address**. Either party may change its e-mail or postal
> address for later communications by giving notice of a new address.

> (g)**Severability**. If a court decides that any part of this
> agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason but enforcing the
> rest of the agreement would serve the purpose of protecting
> Confidential Information to advance the Purpose, then the rest of this
> agreement will remain in force.

> (h)**No Third-Party Enforcement**. Only the parties may enforce rights
> under this agreement.

> (i)**Entire Agreement**. The parties intend the terms of this
> agreement as the final, complete, and only expression of their
> agreement about protection of Confidential Information exchanged to
> advance the Purpose.

> (j)**Signature**. A written or electronically signed copy of this
> agreement delivered by e-mail or other electronic means has the same
> legal effect as delivering a printed and signed original.

\[Signature page follows.\]

<span id="anchor-5"></span>The parties are signing this nondisclosure
agreement on the dates by their signatures.

**First Party**

> Legal
> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the legal name of the party proposing the NDA, like “Super
> Software, Inc.” or “John A. Smith”.

> Legal
> Type:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the company’s jurisdiction and legal form, like “Delaware
> corporation” or “New York resident” for an individual.\]

> Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Title:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Leave blank if the party is an
> individual.\]

> Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> E-Mail:**\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**

The parties are signing this nondisclosure agreement on the dates by
their signatures.

**Second Party**

> Legal
> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the legal name of the party receiving the NDA, like “Quick
> Welding LLC” or “Jane B. Doe”.\]

> Legal
> Type:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the company’s jurisdiction and legal form, like “Delaware
> corporation” or “Texas resident” for an individual.\]

> Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Title:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Leave blank if the party is an individual.\]

> Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> E-Mail:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commit message:

Make forum for disputes a blank

files/waypoint-nda-1.0.1.md, after:

**Standard Form Certificate**

Apart from the purpose, governing law, and any forum for disputes that I
have filled in below, I certify that the following proposed terms are
exactly the same as **The Waypoint NDA version 1.0.0 **published at
<span id="anchor"></span>https://waypointnda.com.

Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

E-Mail:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> **Purpose**:<span id="anchor-1"></span>\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[State the purpose for sharing confidential information.\]

> <span id="anchor-2"></span>**Governing
> Law**:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Name the state, country, or other jurisdiction whose law will govern
> the agreement.\]

> **Forum for
> Disputes**:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Optional. Name the city, district, or country where any disputes
> about this agreement will happen.\]

**The Waypoint NDA**

**Version 1.0.0**

The parties agree:

1\.**Mutual Nondisclosure**. “**Disclosing Party**” describes each party
with respect to Confidential Information it discloses to the other
party. “**Receiving Party**” describes each party with respect to
Confidential Information it receives from the other party.

2\.**Purpose**. The parties anticipate disclosure of Confidential
Information for the purpose on the accompanying standard form
certificate (the “**Purpose**”).

3\.**Confidential Information**.

> (a)**Categories of Confidential Information**. Subject to *Section
> 3(b)* (Exclusions from Confidential Information), “**Confidential
> Information**” means:

(i)information disclosed by Disclosing Party during the term of this
agreement that is related to the business of Disclosing Party;

(ii)the fact that the parties are pursuing the Purpose;

(iii)the terms of this agreement;

(iv)the fact that the parties have entered into this agreement; and

(v)other information derived from these kinds of information.

> (b)**Exclusions from Confidential Information**.

(i)**Public Information**. Information that is now public is not
Confidential Information. Confidential Information that becomes public,
other than as a result of breach of this agreement, ceases to be
Confidential Information.

(ii)**Otherwise Acquired Information**. Information that Receiving Party
receives other than from Disclosing Party is not Confidential
Information, unless the disclosure breached a confidentiality obligation
to Disclosing Party that Disclosing Party made known to Receiving Party.

(iii)**Independently Developed Information**. Information Receiving
Party develops independently is not, or ceases to be, Confidential
Information of Disclosing Party. Receiving Party shall bear the burden
of proving independent development using contemporaneous documentary
evidence.

4\.**Confidentiality Obligations**.

> (a)**Nondisclosure**. Except as described in *Section 4(b)* (Permitted
> Disclosure), Receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential
> Information to anyone.

> (b)**Permitted Disclosure**. Receiving Party may disclose Confidential
> Information to the following personnel:

(i)if Receiving Party is a legal entity, employees, independent
contractors, officers, directors, and agents of Receiving Party
(“**Personnel**”) who:

> (A)have a need to know the Confidential Information to advance the
> Purpose; and

> (B)have entered written confidentiality agreements with Receiving
> Party that impose confidentiality obligations, affording as much or
> more protection as those of this agreement, that apply to the
> Confidential Information; and

(ii)legal and financial advisers providing services to Receiving Party
under confidentiality obligations imposed either by law or by
professional rules (“**Advisers**”).

> (c)**Limited Use**. Receiving Party shall use Confidential Information
> only to advance the Purpose.

> (d)**Security Measures**. Receiving Party shall take measures to
> secure materials embodying Confidential Information at least as
> protective as those Receiving Party employs to secure its own
> Confidential Information, but in any event no less than reasonable
> measures.

> (e)**Preserve Proprietary Notices**. Receiving Party shall not remove
> any proprietary notices attached to materials embodying Confidential
> Information.

> (f)**No Illegal Dealing in Securities**. Receiving Party shall not
> break securities laws by purchasing, selling, or otherwise dealing in
> securities of Disclosing Party on the basis of Confidential
> Information that is material, nonpublic information. Receiving Party
> shall instruct anyone to whom it discloses Confidential Information
> that may be material, nonpublic information not to break securities
> laws by dealing in securities of Disclosing Party.

> (g)**No Reverse Engineering**. Receiving Party shall not reverse
> engineer any material embodying Confidential Information.

> (h)**Mitigate Legally Required Disclosure**. The following obligations
> apply when the law requires disclosure of Confidential Information and
> when Receiving Party reasonably expects that the law may require
> disclosure of Confidential Information:

(i)<span id="anchor-3"></span>**Give Notice of Required Disclosure**. If
legally permitted, Receiving Party shall promptly notify Disclosing
Party of the nature of the requirement and the Confidential Information
affected. If practical, Receiving Party shall give notice quickly enough
to afford Disclosing Party practical chance to start a proceeding to
protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. On
Disclosing Party request, Receiving Party shall cooperate with
Disclosing Party in any such proceeding by providing reasonable
assistance.

(ii)**Reimburse Expenses of Cooperation**. Disclosing Party shall
reimburse Receiving Party's reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
cooperating in any proceeding described in *Section 4(h)(i)* (Give
Notice of Required Disclosure).

> (i)**Give Notice of Leaks**. Receiving Party shall give Disclosing
> Party notice when Receiving Party becomes aware, suspects, or
> anticipates that Confidential Information has been or will be
> disclosed or used in breach of this agreement or other confidentiality
> agreements with Disclosing Party.

> (j)**Return and Destruction**. Subject to *Section 4(k)* (Records
> Policy), when this agreement terminates, Receiving Party shall
> promptly:

(i)return all materials embodying Confidential Information that
Disclosing Party provided with request to return; and

(ii)destroy all parts of other materials that embody Confidential
Information.

> (k)**Records Policy**. When this agreement terminates, if Receiving
> Party has a written records retention policy for the creation and
> scheduled destruction of archival or backup records, and only
> specialized personnel can routinely access those records, then
> Receiving Party may retain materials embodying Confidential
> Information until destroyed under that policy.

> (l)**Comply with Export Controls**. Both parties shall comply with
> export and reexport laws with respect to Confidential Information.

> (m)**Compliance and Oversight**.

(i)Receiving Party shall ensure that its Advisers abide by the
confidentiality obligations of Receiving Party under this agreement. If
Receiving Party is a legal entity, Receiving Party shall also ensure
that its Personnel abide by the confidentiality obligations of Receiving
Party under this agreement. Breach of Receiving Party obligations by
Receiving Party Personnel or Receiving Party Advisers will be deemed
breach of this agreement by Receiving Party itself.

(ii)If Receiving Party is a legal entity, Receiving Party shall provide
Disclosing Party copies of confidentiality agreements with Personnel who
receive Confidential Information on Disclosing Party request.

5\.**Clarifications**.

> (a)**No Obligation to Disclose**. No terms of this agreement obligate
> Disclosing Party to disclose any Confidential Information.

> (b)**No Obligation to Do Business**. No terms of this agreement
> obligate either party to enter any business relationship or agreement,
> related to the Purpose or otherwise.

> (c)**No License**. No terms of this agreement grant any license for
> any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property.

> (d)**No Warranty**. Disclosing Party makes no warranty that
> Confidential Information will be complete or accurate.

> (e)**Freedom to Operate**. No terms of this agreement prohibit either
> party from:

(i)competing with the other party;

(ii)entering into any business relationship with any non-party; or

(iii)assigning and reassigning Personnel and Advisers in its sole
discretion.

6\.**18 U.S.C. 1833(b) Notice**. If this agreement is governed by United
States law:

> (a)An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under
> any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade
> secret that:

(i)is made:

> (A)in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official,
> either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and

> (B)solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
> violation of law; or

(ii)is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other
proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

> (b)An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer
> for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade
> secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret
> information in the court proceeding, if the individual:

(i)files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and

(ii)does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

7\.**Term**.

> (a)**Expiration**. This agreement will terminate automatically on the
> first anniversary of the date of this agreement.

> (b)**Termination by Notice**. Either party may terminate this
> agreement early by thirty calendar days' prior written notice to the
> other party.

> (c)**Survival**. Obligations under *Section 4* (Confidentiality
> Obligations) for Confidential Information disclosed during the term
> survive the term of this agreement as follows: 

(i)Obligations for Confidential Information that Receiving Party knew or
reasonably should have known constituted a trade secret survive as long
as the Confidential Information remains a trade secret.

(ii)Obligations for other Confidential Information survive for five
calendar years from the date of termination.

8\.**General Contract Terms**.

> (a)**No Assignment or Delegation**. Neither party may assign any right
> or delegate any obligation under this agreement without the prior,
> signed, written consent of the other party. Any attempt to assign or
> delegate without consent will have no legal effect.

> (b)**Dispute Resolution**. The law of the governing law jurisdiction
> on the accompanying standard form certificate will govern all aspects
> of this agreement. The parties shall bring legal proceedings related
> to this agreement only in the national and national-subdivision courts
> located in the forum for disputes on the accompanying standard form
> certificate, or if none is specified, within the jurisdiction whose
> law governs this agreement. The parties consent to the exclusive
> jurisdiction of those courts and waive any objection that legal
> proceedings brought there are brought in an inconvenient forum. The
> parties may enforce judgments of those courts in any appropriate
> forum.

> (c)**Legal Relationship**. The parties to this agreement remain
> independent contractors. This agreement does not create any
> partnership, joint venture, agency, or similar relationship between
> the parties.

> (d)**Written Amendments and Waivers**. The parties will amend this
> agreement only by cosigned, written agreement. The parties will waive
> parts of this agreement, if at all, only by written waiver describing
> the specific terms waived and in what particular instance, signed by
> the party waiving.

> <span id="anchor-4"></span>(e)**Notices**. The parties shall send
> every notice, demand, consent, request, or other communication
> required or allowed by this agreement:

(i)by e-mail to the address the other party provided with their
signature; or

(ii)by overnight courier, with signature required for delivery, to the
address the other party provided with their signature.

> (f)**Change of Address**. Either party may change its e-mail or postal
> address for later communications by giving notice of a new address.

> (g)**Severability**. If a court decides that any part of this
> agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason but enforcing the
> rest of the agreement would serve the purpose of protecting
> Confidential Information to advance the Purpose, then the rest of this
> agreement will remain in force.

> (h)**No Third-Party Enforcement**. Only the parties may enforce rights
> under this agreement.

> (i)**Entire Agreement**. The parties intend the terms of this
> agreement as the final, complete, and only expression of their
> agreement about protection of Confidential Information exchanged to
> advance the Purpose.

> (j)**Signature**. A written or electronically signed copy of this
> agreement delivered by e-mail or other electronic means has the same
> legal effect as delivering a printed and signed original.

\[Signature page follows.\]

<span id="anchor-5"></span>The parties are signing this nondisclosure
agreement on the dates by their signatures.

**First Party**

> Legal
> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the legal name of the party proposing the NDA, like “Super
> Software, Inc.” or “John A. Smith”.

> Legal
> Type:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the company’s jurisdiction and legal form, like “Delaware
> corporation” or “New York resident” for an individual.\]

> Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Title:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Leave blank if the party is an
> individual.\]

> Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> E-Mail:**\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**

The parties are signing this nondisclosure agreement on the dates by
their signatures.

**Second Party**

> Legal
> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the legal name of the party receiving the NDA, like “Quick
> Welding LLC” or “Jane B. Doe”.\]

> Legal
> Type:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Write the company’s jurisdiction and legal form, like “Delaware
> corporation” or “Texas resident” for an individual.\]

> Signature:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Name:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> Title:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
> \[Leave blank if the party is an individual.\]

> Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

> E-Mail:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
